hi I'm Sharon from a tech office
technology and today I'm going to show
you a couple of tips on how to keep your
print quality good the first one is how
to clean your electrostatic charge of
wire first thing we do is open the front
door and you'll find the electrostatic
charge of wires located underneath the
toner what you need to do is gently pull
each one out until it stops and gently
push it back in you need to do this
three times for each charge of wire
remember gently pull it out and gently
push it back in
this will improve the print quality if
you see some deterioration in your
prints the second way we're going to do
today is to clean the printhead glass
using the printhead cleaner we need to
take out the waste toner bottle so
release the blue levers and the waste
own bottle will come out make sure you
keep this flat when you bring it out to
prevent waste toner falling on the floor
you'll like out your printhead cleaner
here just pull it out from the right
hand side and locate your printhead
holes underneath the carriage you'll
they'll be shown with little blue
stickers and you've got four of them
located there insert your printhead
cleaner in the hole and gently push it
all the way in
pull it back out gently and you need to
do this three times for each hole you
might feel a little bit of resistance as
you're pushing it in gently pull it out
this cleans the printhead glass inside
the machine and will improve your
printhead quality remember do that three
times for each hole replace your
printhead cleaner in the slot
reinsert the waste toner bottle making
sure the blue clips lock into place and
close the door there you go now you have
great print quality thank you for
watching